# Overview
In order to get a more complete view of how filesystems interact with disks and block devices, you’ll build a simple one yourself. Rather than sending commands to the device driver to operate the disk, you’ll instead use FUSE, a library that allows you to implement a Filesystem in USErspace.

# Background
Filesystems provide the ’file’ abstraction. Standing between the user and the disk, they organize data and indexing information on the disk so that metadata like ’filename’, ’size’, and ’permissions’ can be mapped to a series of disk blocks that correspond to a ’file’. Filesystems also handle the movement of data in to and out of the series of disk blocks that represent a ’file’ in order to support the abstractions of ’reading’ and ’writing’ from/to a ’file’. You will be implementing a fairly simple file system using FUSE.

FUSE is a kernel module that redirects system calls to your filesystem from the OS to code you write at user level. While working with an actual disk through a device driver is worthy endeavor, we would prefer you concentrate more on your filesystem’s logic and organization instead of building one while also learning how to operate a disk directly. You will however have to emulate working with a disk by storing all data in a flat file that you will access as a block device. All user data as well as all indexing blocks, management information or metadata about files must be stored in that single flat file using whatever organization or format you wish.

All your FUSE calls must only reference this ”virtual disk” and will provide the ’file’ abstraction by fetching segments from the ”disk” in a logical manner. For instance, if a call is made to read from a given file descriptor, your library will get the request, will have to look up the index information to find out where the ’file’ is located in your ”disk”, determine which block would correspond to the offset indicated by the file handle, read in that disk block, and write the requested segment of the data block to the pointer given to you by the user. To give your file system implementation some context and scope, stub files will be provided.